docs: initial start of the maintainership docs under the bounty program (#1894)
asyncapi/community: docs/maintainership-guide/general-information/mentor/support-and-escalation-path.md

### 2. **Program Organizers Check-Ins**

   - Program leads will schedule periodic check-ins **(optional)** to see how things are going, provide support, and gather feedback.
  - You can always request a **one-on-one** with the organizers if you encounter blockers that need private or immediate attention(especially when handling difficult contributors).

### 3. **Conflict Resolution Path**

- If you face interpersonal challenges, such as an uncooperative/non-chalant contributor or community conflicts, escalate early:
    - First, attempt a private conversation with the mentee, framed around constructive feedback.
    - If unresolved, report the issue to the program organizers via Slack DM or email.

### 4. **Time or Commitment Challenges**

- If unexpected time constraints arise or your availability as a mentor changes:
    - Let the program organizers know as early as possible.
    - We can explore shared mentorship, backup mentor support, or a contributor transition plan.

- If a contributor is showing signs of non-commitment during the program phase:
    - Reach out to the contributor privately to understand the reason for no commitment.

>     - If there's no response within a week, kindly inform the program organizers as soon as possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If there is no response within a week, please inform the program organizers as soon as possible. 
```
